Improve test reliability (#3891)
microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat: CHANGELOG.md

-  Fixes [#3812](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/3812). Update `adaptiveCardHostConfig` to accessible text color-contrasts, by [@corinagum](https://github.com/corinagum) in PR [#3853](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/pull/3853)
-  Fixes [#3816](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/3816). De-bumped Node.js engine requirement for Direct Line Speech SDK to `>= 10.14.2` from `>= 12.0.0`, by [@compulim](https://github.com/compulim) in PR [#3854](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/pull/3854)
-  Fixes [#3842](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/3842). Updated [`husky`](https://npmjs.com/package/husky), [`lint-staged`](https://npmjs.com/package/lint-staged) and corresponding `precommit` scripts, by [@compulim](https://github.com/compulim), in PR [#3871](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/pull/3871)

> -  Improved test reliability and adding snapshot to console of test harness in development mode, by [@compulim](https://github.com/compulim), in PR [#3891](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/pull/3891)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Improved test reliability and added snapshots to console of test harness in development mode, by [@compulim](https://github.com/compulim), in PR [#3891](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/pull/3891)
```
